Week 1

This week I gathered data on the death penalty practices of each state in the United States. If a state still practices the death penalty, I researched the amount of inmates currently on death row; if a state did not support it, I researched the year the death penalty became abolished. I struggled with creating a choropleth map on Leaflet this week. I was able to download the template, but I had a lot of hiccups in incorporating the data on my json file to the map itself. I was not able to get the map as functional as I thought it could this week. I will continue working on it. 

Week 2

This week I worked on making my choropleth map fully functional. I was able to include the number of death row inmates per state and/or the year the death penalty was abolished when a user hovers over a state. I was also able to make the map zoom in on a state when clicked. Using Uniform Crime Reports from the FBI, I gathered data for the past four murder rates per state. I then compared the murder rate in states that pratice the death penalty and compared them to states that do not using sparklines provided by Highcharts. I also added a media query for the page, included styles for links and added a brief paragraph about why I chose to include the murder rates of each state. Next week, I want to style my chart so the lines match with the rest of my color palette, and I want to add an introductory paragraph about the death penalty. I am also going to add a few more data tables on the right side of my page (to eliminate the blank space beside the table). I struggled with the choropleth map this week just as I did last week. But this week, I was successful. Using sparklines wasn't too difficult to use as long as the data was plotted correctly. While inputting the data, I realize that my sample size of four years is way too small, so I want to expand it next week. (I'm thinking of adding a decade's worth of murder rates for each state.) 

Week 3

For the final week, I gathered more data for my sparklines. Now, the line graphs show the murder rate from 2005 to 2015 for each state. During office hours, I thought adding 200 in front of the {point.x} code would allow the user to see the year of each data point, but this does not work for 2010 and above (it's displayed as 20010). Because of this, I decided to keep the original code. I also applied the sand-signika theme to my Highcharts because it matches with the rest of my color palette. I added three bar graphs to the left side of my site, which compare the murder rates for neighboring states that have different stances on the death penalty. I also worked on making the title of my site more specific, and I downloaded Google fonts to make the site more appealing. When reflecting on the project as a whole, the most challenging part was definitely working with the choropleth map. 
